jdat_notebooks/README.md, before:

# James Webb Space Telescope Data Analysis Tool Notebooks (pyinthesky)

.. note::

   ``jdat_notebooks`` are one component of STScI's larger `Data Analysis Tools Ecosystem <https://jwst-docs.stsci.edu/jwst-post-pipeline-data-analysis>`_.

   .. note::

   ``dat_pyinthesky`` is intended for the developer community wishing to contribute notebooks or technical expertise.  If you are part of the broader community wishing to use the finalized notebooks, we refer you to `jdat_notebooks <https://github.com/spacetelescope/jdat_notebooks>`_.

This repository contains Jupyter notebooks intended for the developer community wishing to contribute notebooks or technical expertise.  The notebooks illustrate workflows for post-pipeline analysis of JWST data. The notebooks are likely to be useful for analyzing data from other observatories as well.

The notebooks attempt to utilize a number of software packages supported by STScI, including `Astropy <https://www.astropy.org>`_, `glue <http://docs.glueviz.org/en/stable/index.html>`_, `ginga <https://ginga.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, `photutils <https://photutils.readthedocs.io>`_, `specutils <https://specutils.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_, `astroimtools <http://astroimtools.readthedocs.io>`_, `imexam <http://imexam.readthedocs.io>`_, `jdaviz <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, `asdf <http://asdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, `gwcs <https://gwcs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, and `synphot <http://synphot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_.  Note jdaviz is STScI's JWST Data Analysis Visualization Tool, designed to be used with spectra, IFU cubes, and multi-object spectroscopy (MOS).

Commit message:

updated readme and removed contributing.md

jdat_notebooks/README.md, after:

# James Webb Space Telescope Data Analysis Tool Notebooks (pyinthesky)

   ``jdat_notebooks`` are one component of STScI's larger `Data Analysis Tools Ecosystem <https://jwst-docs.stsci.edu/jwst-post-pipeline-data-analysis>`_.

   ``dat_pyinthesky`` is intended for the developer community wishing to contribute notebooks or technical expertise.  If you are part of the broader community wishing to use the finalized notebooks, we refer you to `jdat_notebooks <https://github.com/spacetelescope/jdat_notebooks>`_.  If you wish to contribute notebooks, please follow `contributing instructions <https://github.com/spacetelescope/jdat_notebooks/blob/master/contributing.md>`_.

This repository contains Jupyter notebooks intended for the developer community wishing to contribute notebooks or technical expertise.  The notebooks illustrate workflows for post-pipeline analysis of JWST data. The notebooks are likely to be useful for analyzing data from other observatories as well.

The notebooks attempt to utilize a number of software packages supported by STScI, including `Astropy <https://www.astropy.org>`_, `glue <http://docs.glueviz.org/en/stable/index.html>`_, `ginga <https://ginga.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, `photutils <https://photutils.readthedocs.io>`_, `specutils <https://specutils.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_, `astroimtools <http://astroimtools.readthedocs.io>`_, `imexam <http://imexam.readthedocs.io>`_, `jdaviz <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, `asdf <http://asdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, `gwcs <https://gwcs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, and `synphot <http://synphot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_.  Note jdaviz is STScI's JWST Data Analysis Visualization Tool, designed to be used with spectra, IFU cubes, and multi-object spectroscopy (MOS).
